Too coincidental.
How could it all be such a coincidence?
Is there anything else suspicious?
Look,
Luo Xiao, the day after the murder,
showed up outside Feng Mao Company.
And while on vacation, late at night,
in the dead of night,
he was wandering alone in the mountains.
Right in that exact same area,
we found Chen Yongjiang's phone.
And yet we still can't find
any trace of Chen Yongjiang.
Now, I just can't help but think...
that maybe Luo Xiao,
the day after the incident,
went to Feng Mao Company, picked up Chen Yongjiang,
and escorted him out of the city?
But despite all these red flags,
we don't have a single piece of direct evidence
that Luo Xiao helped Chen Yongjiang escape.
Boss,
But he's a lawyer.
He obviously knows
how to avoid suspicion.
He's a lawyer,
and he's got a family and a career.
Chen Yongjiang committed murder, Boss.
It's a murder case.
Why on earth would he get mixed up in this mess?
Anyway,
if it's really like we suspect,
that he helped Chen Yongjiang escape,
it boils down to two things:
Either he was coerced,
or he was bribed.
As for the sequence of the crime,
based on the clues we've gathered,
the logic basically holds up.
But we lack any hard physical evidence.
First,
the waters where Luo Xiao vacationed
are exactly where Chen Yongjiang's phone
was fished out.
Since getting fired from the law firm,
Luo Xiao has remained in close contact
with people tied to Feng Mao Company.
Starting now,
I want the focus of this investigation
to be solely on him.
Lao Ma, run it through the system
and pull up
Luo Xiao's financial records
for the past month, and his movements.
I want everything. Leave no blind spots.
Got it.
Zhao Dian, take a few guys
and put Luo Xiao under 24-hour,
uninterrupted surveillance.
Pay special attention to where he goes at night,
and who he meets with in private.
Xiao Ru,
you handle the data compiling.
Any comparisons, analyses,
or anomalies,
report them to me immediately.
Jin Qiang,
keep your team
combing through witness statements and evidence.
Any tiny detail
could very well
be our breakthrough.
Get to it.
Help!
Boss,
check please.
Fifty-eight.
What did Bro Mao say?
Things are rocky inside and out right now,
but the company still needs to operate.
Bro Mao's intention is
for me to organize the brothers
and stabilize the situation first.
I handle the money, you do the laundering.
Same as before.
This money...
has a smell to it.
Well, it's money.
Of course it smells like money.
This money...
can be laundered in about two or three days.
That fast?
Spoken like an amateur.
This money...
we first split it among various proxies.
That way the boys can handle it.
They wire it into cards in batches.
Once it's in the banking system,
this money looks completely clean.
But that's only step one.
Next,
each proxy...
gets a loan on a micro-loan platform.
Once the loan hits the account,
it gets wired under various pretexts
to our Front company,
Shengquan International Trade.
Four twos.
Pay up, pay up. Come on.
On the surface, its business seems broad,
but it's really our money laundering shell.
After Shengquan receives the money,
depending on the contract size,
it kicks back a service fee to us,
or something along those lines.
A round trip like this,
takes about two or three days.
As for losses and cuts,
a quarter,
around 25 percent.
That's all considered normal overhead.
Datou,
why hasn't that money hit the account yet?
The money's already with A Min.
I called him this morning,
but no one picked up.
I'll go pay him a visit later.
A Min...
You didn't know?
Shengquan was set up in his name.
If there's any word from Bro Mao,
you know what to do, right?
So...
on the surface he has no ties to Feng Mao,
so the cops can't trace him to it, right?
Right.
Otherwise, how would the money move?
Do I really need to spell it out for you?
Here's the deal.
Datou, no need for you to look for him.
In Bro Mao's name,
call a general meeting.
Everyone has to be there,
including A Min.
The meeting?
Are you coming?
I'm the Business Consultant.
Of course I'm going.
When?
Tonight.
We're discussing something this serious,
couldn't we pick a proper place?
Does it really have to be here?
What, you want the cops to listen in?
These are all our own businesses.
It's safe.
Besides,
the two of us running around all day,
so we came for a foot soak
to unwind a bit.
Having a meeting...
This comfortable?
Lawyer Luo,
Haven't seen you in a few days.
I should be calling you...
Bro Xiao now, shouldn't I?
Where's Bro Mao?
He just asked me to step in temporarily
to coordinate the company's business.
After all,
the brothers still gotta eat, right?
Right?
Datou,
how exactly did Bro Mao tell Lawyer Luo
to coordinate things?
This is Bro Mao's signature and fingerprint.
If you don't believe me,
you can verify it yourself.
Can Bro Mao even read?
Datou,
tell me, where's our contract,
our agreement?
Well...
Whether you believe it or not,
this is what Bro Mao wants.
The situation right now is indeed quite unique.
That's why Bro Mao had me
risk arrest to withdraw the money.
The brothers still gotta eat, don't they?
You're holding back the money right now?
You trying to hog it all?
I've been with Bro Mao for years.
Do I need you here trying to stir the pot?
Now that Bro Mao is gone,
as his brother,
I should be guarding his business for him.
Even if he needs someone to take over,
it won't be an outsider like you.
I'll put it straight right here, today.
When Bro Mao shows his face,
the money shows up.
In this current situation,
the cops have their eyes all over Bro Mao.
And you want him to show his face now?
Do you just want him dead?
Say that again?
What the hell are you trying to do?
Brought a few boys, think you're tough, huh?
The cops are on high alert out there.
Bro Mao only gave him the money
because he trusted him!
Did Bro Mao give him the money,
or did he snatch Bro Mao's money?
Three days.
Three days from now,
Bro Mao shows up.
Fine.
Three days.
Let's go.
Boss Tian,
this gorgeous place is really mine?
You're really giving it to me?
Do you like it?
I absolutely love it.
Do you want it?
I want it.
Oh, stop it.
Whatever I promised you, you'll get.
I knew it.
Boss Tian is the absolute
best to me.
Ganzi,
do you know Sun Wukong's surname?
It's Sun, obviously.
You really have no clue.
Many years ago,
there was a great flood.
Then there was this guy called Da Yu.
He was taming the flood, right?
Using that magic sea-calming staff.
Spent years but couldn't fix it, you know?
So what about his wife?
She was waiting for him at home.
Just waiting and waiting...
She waited until she turned into a stone.
Where did Sun Wukong pop out from?
From a stone.
So what is Sun Wukong's surname?
Shi, for "stone."
It's Da.
Da Yu is his father.
The "Da" from Da Yu.
No wonder he's called Great Sage.
Right, Great Sage.
It all connects now, doesn't it?
Great Sage.
Exactly.
No wonder it's "Da." Great Sage.
Bro Yao,
how come this door's open?
They must be here.
Time to get to work.
What the hell are you doing?
How many times do I have to tell you?
Don't get that on me!
You're gonna ruin my clothes again.
You just won't stop, will you?
Bro Yao.
He is the Great Sage Equalling Heaven.
Shouldn't his surname be Qi?
Which "Qi"?
He was only Great Sage for seven days.
Seven days.
"Seven-Day" Great Sage.
That "seven days" Qi.
What else?
Boss.
Was it really as messed up as you say?
That?
I'm actually holding back.
If you had been at the scene back then,
you'd have puked all over your shoes.
The 0301 Dismemberment Case.
Chopped and hacked to pieces.
Couldn't even pull a single fingerprint.
When we got to the scene back then,
the body
was chopped into 42 pieces.
The blood and bits of flesh
splattered all over the walls...
Let me put it this way,
our whole team ate vegetarian for a month.
And then what?
Absolutely nothing.
We extracted DNA,
but back then,
our database was too small.
It yielded no match.
Even after a few system upgrades,
we made a special trip each time
to run the comparison again.
But still, absolutely nothing.
Just like the Xin Qili case.
I'm telling you,
the Xin Qili case
might just be
the key to cracking
the 0301 Dismemberment Case.
Here's my number.
If you happen to recall anything
at all about Xin Qili,
give me a call anytime.
Okay, okay, okay.
If there's nothing else, I'll be heading out.
Sure.
Sorry for the trouble.
No problem at all.
Okay, thanks.
You're welcome.
This is so bizarre.
Between Xin Qili and Chen Yongjiang,
their only connection
is Shi Qijun from Feng Mao Company.
He once paid Xin Qili
a small labor-related loan.
But as for Xin Qili and Chen Yongjiang,
there were no financial disputes
or personal ties whatsoever.
So what exactly is his motive for murder?
We can't say they had zero contact.
After all, Xin Qili only took odd jobs
that left no trace.
Trying to trace his social circle
really isn't easy.
I found this under a pillow in the back.
What is this?
Let me see.
It's a fortune slip.
"Sickness swept away, returning by crane."
Xin Qili must've drawn it for his sister.
So it's a fortune slip for recovery.
So why is it half-burned?
This auspicious cloud pattern...
This slip was drawn at the Great Sage Temple.
Hello, Master.
Hello.
Excuse me, is this from your temple?
Yes.
What's the matter?
Do you have any recollection of this slip?
Let me see.
What recollection are you asking about?
First, the one who drew it.
Second, why it was burned halfway,
yet kept like this.
Is there any special meaning to that?
I am getting old.
In this temple,
fates come and go.
This old lamp of mine only provides light.
It never asks where they come from or go.
This fortune slip
is what one seeks.
To seek is to form an attachment.
Burning the slip
means the seeker
has let go of their inner attachment.
Since half of it remains,
the attachment is not fully severed.
Alright.
Thank you.